# Optimization results for all 179 countries

Here we present the optimization results for all 179 countries using the methods described in the main article and assuming both age-dependent susceptibility and clinical fraction and a baseline vaccine effiacy of 90\% that is uniform across all age groups. Remaining model parameters assume the baseline values that can be found in the supplement of the main article.

The panels in each figure are described below:

***Left. Reduction in transmission, hospitalizations and deaths under optimized vaccine allocation in China***. Effective reproduction number $R_{\mathrm{eff}}$ (top), cumulative hospitalizations (middle) and deaths (bottom), as a function of the population-level vaccination coverage when allocation is targeted towards priority age groups (solid lines) and the vaccine protects against infection (red) and disease (blue). For comparison, we also plot the analogous reduction in the three optimization targets when vaccine doses are allocated uniformly across age groups (dashed lines). In the top panel row, the herd immunity threshold ($R_{\mathrm{eff}}$<1) is indicated by the horizontal dotted black line.
***Right. Optimal age-specific vaccination policy***. The optimum coverage level for each age group (coloured bars) for infection-preventing (top three panels) and disease-preventing (bottom three panels) vaccines for varying population coverage levels to minimize transmission (top), hospitalizations (middle) and deaths (bottom). Alongside the global optimal solution (coloured bars) we provide the 2.5$-$97.5 percentile ranges (vertical grey lines) and median values (grey dots) of age-specific coverage levels for all locally optimal solutions whose target value is within 1\% of the global optimal value.
